# This is the summury and reflecsions after the projket is done.
//Namn på alla i teamet.
## Members of the Team

- Name (git-hub link)
- Malte ([Tatte01](https://github.com/Tatte01))
- Oskar ([oscar-larm](https://github.com/oscar-larm))
- Gabriel ([Gabriel-/Gabe-Hog](https://github.com/Gabe-Hog))
- Moltas ([Molake00](https://github.com/Molake00))
- Max ([MaxiL04](https://github.com/MaxiL04))

//Länk till projektets sida på git-servern. 
### The link to the projekt
[Projekt on git-hub](https://github.com/oscar-larm/Burger)

# The main summury text
//Skriv gemensamt en sammanfattande text i katalogen Reflektioner. Följande skall ingå: 
1. Kort sammanfattning om vad konfigurationshantering är och varför det används.
   
   Configuration handling such as git, is a way to save and manage a project in its different state by combining it with a host e.g, github or codeberg to quickly share work and progress with       multiple indivudals on a remote platform. Which is a safe way to ensure that the work is backed up, incase your local machine gives up. 

2. Kort sammanfattning om det vanligaste arbetsflödet med git

   Using so called "branches" to split the work into different parts, which helps with the development process as it gives specfic features/bug-fixes their own enviroment, such as a main branch, a development and from it multiple smaller ones. As well as ensuring that unchecked work is not added to the main production. Each individual can pull resorces from the repository and work on it on their local machines, until they feel satifsfied. See examples of useful git commands below.
   
5. Era erfarenheter om att arbeta med konfigurationshantering.
   What went well?
- What went not as good?
- Hade ni kunnat göra annorlunda? How did you solve issues? Could you have done it differently? 
- What did you not solve? Why not?

It went well to merge our individual branches with the development branch, just a few merge conflicts but they were quite easy to solve in VS Code enviroment. We got saved by using multiple branches because one of our members had miss typed his email when creating a ssh key, making so his commits were not tracked correctly. Which after we noticed we tried to fix the commit history after he had corrected the misstake. This resulted in a lot of issues main being duplicating every commit made, but because used different branches we had backups that were fine. 

Something we improved on was creating these branches, because in the beginning it became annoying working on one and the same branch since you had to keep making pull requests each time you wanted to commit as soon as anyone had updated the branch which happened frequently, the fix was simply making branches. We couldve made it so we had pull requests but felt it was unnecessary for this project since it is private and we pushed into main when we were all precent. 


//inklusive de git-kommandon som används. 
# Commen commands
Useful git commands:
```bash
git pull
# Pulls changes from remote branch into local branch
```
```bash
git add 'changed-files'
# Stage files before committing changes. Specify which files you want to stage. Use . while in the root dir to stage every changed file.
```
```bash
git commit -m "A good commit message"
# Commit the changes. Add a message describing the changes made
```
```bash
git push
# Push up the local changes to the remote branch

git push -u origin 'branch-name'
#Use this if you've made a new branch that doesn't have a remote branch
```
```bash
git fetch
#Fetch all remote branches
```
```bash
git branch
#Only shows the local branches

git branch -a
#Shows the local and remote branches

git branch -d
#Deletes local branch
```
```bash
git checkout 'existing-branch'
#Switch to another branch

git checkout -b 'new-branch'
#Make a new local branch and then switch to it
```
