# This is the summury and reflecsions after the projket is done.

## Members of the Team

- Name (git-hub link)
- Malte ([Tatte01](https://github.com/Tatte01))
- Oskar ([oscar-larm](https://github.com/oscar-larm))
- Gabriel ([Gabriel-/Gabe-Hog](https://github.com/Gabe-Hog))
- Moltas ([Molake00](https://github.com/Molake00))
- Max ([MaxiL04](https://github.com/MaxiL04))


### The link to the projekt
[Projekt on git-hub](https://github.com/oscar-larm/Burger)

# The main summury text

1. Short summary of what you have implemented. Describe with 5–10 sentences what you have done and your thoughts on
- The project as a whole
- Each container
- Each module


 The project is a ordering system for a imaginary burger joint, which throug a web application sends a user input to the kitchen. Each part being run in its own container enviorment in total 3 containers which are: 
- Burgerorderer: The web application.
- KitchenView: Where the order is sent to process.
- Menustore: The database where our menu is stored for safe keeping.
  
Our backend programs are run in a express server, while our frontend exists in a static folder that renders a html, css and javascript(burger.js).
We began by planning the project structure and how we thought it would execute. Afterwards we tried to split the project into smaller parts that each of us could work on, e.g. the database, container system, the api's, static html page and sending orders between them.
What we have now implemented is that the burgerOrderer retrives the menu data from our mongoDB database and then processes it and adds it to a html format, that is then displayed on the website. After user has finally made a decision on what they want to order with their selected prefrences in ingredients, it is then sends it as an object to the kitchenView through a fetch request to a POST api. Were it is then printed to the terminal as a string. To start the program we made a make command that builds and run the containers. 

The function documentations was made using jsdocs 3 tool to automatically generate the documentation on html pages. To open the documentation use the command "make docs".

2. our experiences of conducting the project.
- What went well?
- What did not go well?
- How did you solve your challenges? What could you have done dif-
ferently?
- What did you not manage to solve? Why not?

The thing that went well is that we manage to get a functioning program and implemented all our desired features. Got experience working with a lot of new concepts and how to better work in a team for future projects, basically we learned a lot through trial and error. 
Some things we had a bit trouble with and could improve on, was our communication skills, because we were often unsure of what other team members were doing and it made it difficult to make progress. Which is one reason we have quite a lot of work that went unused although we could take parts and ideas from. So for future reference we should more scheduled in person meetings such as debriefings a few times a week. Because we are all reletively new to programming it could have been a lot better if we worked on the parts as a group instead of working sepearatly, which we began doing at the final strech.
When we ran into issues we used our trust serach engine google to look for information about possible error messages or logical errors. One thing we ended up not having time for was implementing a cart feature for adding multiple orders to. We could have spent more time trying to refactor making the code look better and become more readable, we could have used frameworks such as Bootstrap to make the interface look more appealing.  



3. our experiences of working with containers.
- What went well?
- What did not go well?
- How did you solve your challenges? What could you have done dif-
ferently?
- What did you not manage to solve? Why not?

Overall we think the containers worked well and as planned, they were reletivly easy to implement and get runnning. Starting them with a compose file is a lifesaver, especially adding a makefile to start and reset it automatically. What we shouldve done early is getting volumes for each of the containers, this to make it more development friendly and not having to build the images everytime a change has been made. In our defence there were problems with the package.json file while doing this. We also had problems with docker not wanting to find the package.json file from the root folder, solved this by adding the package to said container folder. We had a small annoyance when starting our database (other than it taking a long time) because it started to print out a lot of text when it was running, we solved it by adding a no attach flag on the database in the makefile.


