# This is the summury and reflecsions after the projket is done.
//Namn på alla i teamet.
## Members of the Team

- Name (git-hub link)
- Malte ([Tatte01](https://github.com/Tatte01))
- Oskar ([oscar-larm](https://github.com/oscar-larm))
- Gabriel ([Gabriel-/Gabe-Hog](https://github.com/Gabe-Hog))
- Moltas ([Molake00](https://github.com/Molake00))
- Max ([MaxiL04](https://github.com/MaxiL04))

//Länk till projektets sida på git-servern. 
### The link to the projekt
[Projekt on git-hub](https://github.com/oscar-larm/Burger)

# The main summury text
//Skriv gemensamt en sammanfattande text i katalogen Reflektioner. Följande skall ingå: 
1. Kort sammanfattning om vilken funktionalitet ni har testat. 
We have written unit tests for most of our functionallity, mainly testing the api endpoint, seeing that they return the expected values, we tried also seening in wrong data to check it returns false positive. 

2. Kort sammanfattning om hur ni har genomfört testerna. 

We wrote tests, and used the npm script "test", at first we created an overide compose file that executed the tests when the docker containers started. But this was not as effiecent so we instead wrote npm test from host, this by making another package.json in the root. 

4. Utskrift från er senaste testsession, så att man kan se: 
• Hur många tester ni har skrivit 
• Vad de testar 
• Hur många tester som lyckas respektive misslyckas 
We wrote our tests in mocha with chai, tried some sinon. We wrote tests for 3 functions with two test each, one with a correct input and one with a incorrect.
When running the test this is the following output
```
burger@1.0.0 test
mocha ./Containers/BurgerOrderer/test/test.js

Connected to MenuStore
app running on http://localhost:3000/


  Testing the BurgerOrderer /order endpoint...
    ✔ Trying correct input-format
    ✔ Trying incorrect input-format.

  Trying the orderPage() function...
    ✔ Trying correct input.
    ✔ Trying incorrect input.

  Trying the getOrder() function
    ✔ Trying correct input.
    ✔ Trying incorrect input.


  6 passing (31ms)
```
All tests pass which means the functions/endpoints work as expected. 

5. Era erfarenheter om att skriva automatiserade enhetstester. 
• Vad gick bra? 
• Vad gick mindre bra? 
• Hur löste ni svårigheterna? Hade ni kunnat göra annorlunda? 
• Vad lyckades ni inte lösa? Varför inte? 

Writing the tests went relativly smoothly because we sat down and did it together and did all of it together as a group. Finding information about chai syntax was a bit difficult, but once we familiarised ourselves with it, it became fairly easy. 
What we should have done was write the tests before we started implmenting our functionallity, this would have made it easier to test as well as this type development process being popular in the industry. But since we are new to software development, we had issues forseeing all the functions and how they would work. For the next project this should be implement sooner to save time when testing. We could have made more abstract tests, and refactored the function into smaller parts so we have more functionallity to test and making it easier to debug if something went wrong. 




6. Länk till dokumentationen från era respektive debug-sessioner i era individuella ingenjörsdagböcker. 
- Name (likds to debug-seksions)
- Malte 
- Oskar 
- Gabriel 
- Moltas
- Max 
